update iotdb opskit doc (#404)
apache/iotdb-docs: src/UserGuide/latest/Tools-System/Maintenance-Tool_timecho.md

> ## Cluster Management Tool

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## IoTDB-OpsKit
```

> The IoTDB cluster management tool is an easy-to-use operation and maintenance tool (enterprise version tool).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The IoTDB OpsKit is an easy-to-use operation and maintenance tool (enterprise version tool).
```
